# INFO 201 Final Code

All in all, we set out to find any correlation between the number of deaths due to conflicts around the world in which the United States is involved and what effect that has on the companies in the country. To do so, we chose to represent a company’s growth through their average growth over each year when compared to the total number of battle deaths for that year, focusing on the conflicts in which the US was involved according to the UCDP. After looking at the S&P500 and nine of the top companies that have defense-related contracts with the United States average stock growth for that year, our group found some interesting results. From our results, we found that for some companies, such as Northrop Grumman, there was some correlation between the number of battle deaths and the effect of their stock changes. But for the rest of our companies, they did not reflect any similar change with some, like Boeing, showing a negative lowering based on the larger number of battle deaths. We are interested to see how much the data may reveal when we are given a larger time to work with. Because the data only went back to 1989 for the UCDP data, we could only focus more on the more recent conflicts, many of which do not have large battle death counts possibly as a result of the advancements in technology making conflicts shorter and less costly for human lives. If we were to reiterate this experiment, we may want to focus on alternative costs such as the monetary expenses of these wars for a country, a larger time frame than just back to 1989, or the duration of these conflicts to possibly find some other kind of correlation in war and the economy.
